Ebusd integration (#7961)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_components/ebusd.markdown

---
layout: page
title: "ebusd"
description: "The ebusd component allows the integration between eBUS heating system and Home Assistant."
date: 2018-12-27 15:00
sidebar: true
comments: false
sharing: true
footer: true
logo: ebusd.png

> ha_category: Hub

Reviewer: We've had some discussion internally about the "Hub" category.
Conclusion: What "Hub" should be is when another Home Automation system/hub integrates with Home Assistant (e.g., Samsung SmartThings). While there are many things in Hub that should be moved out of there (which we started working on already), we should not add to it.

This component provides a Sensor, so that is what it should be categorized in.

```suggestion
ha_category: Sensor
```

> ha_category: Ebusd

Reviewer: This is a non-existing category. Please check our current documentation for a list.

Author: This is a new one, I have created a new component inside component/ebusd folder. Which is the correct category otherwise?

Reviewer: I would say: Sensor
Since it creates sensors for the ebusd heating systems.

Author: yes, but it also have a service so it is not only a sensor. If you confirm I will make this correction anyway

Reviewer: As per home-assistant/architecture#131, sensors should not have services.

Author: That's why I have created a new component named ebusd. That's also a category, correct?

Reviewer: No, it is not. Go to our website, hit the components page, categories are on your left menu. It would be weird to see a `ebusd` there.

---
layout: page
title: "ebusd"
description: "The ebusd component allows the integration between eBUS heating system and Home Assistant."
date: 2018-12-27 15:00
sidebar: true
comments: false
sharing: true
footer: true
logo: ebusd.png
ha_category: Ebusd
ha_iot_class: "Local Polling"
ha_release: "0.85"
---

> Integration between [ebusd](https://github.com/john30/ebusd/) daemon for communication with eBUS heating systems, and homeassistant using sensor component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integration between [ebusd](https://github.com/john30/ebusd/) daemon for communication with eBUS heating systems, and Home Assistant using sensor component.
```

## {% linkable_title Configuration %}

Enable the sensor by adding the following to your `configuration.yaml` file:

```yaml
# Example configuration.yaml entry
ebusd:
  host: 127.0.0.1
  circuit: '700'

>   monitored_conditions:

Reviewer: We try to keep all configuration samples minimal. Thus, no optional requirement in the default sample. This helps a user to get started quickly by copy-&-paste the sample without worrying about optional parameters which they most likely not need. If required, insert a full configuration sample later that covers special setups or alike.

    - 'MaxFlowTemperatureDesired'
    - 'WaterPressure'
    - 'PumpStatus'
```

{% configuration %}
host:

>   description: This is the IP address of your ebus daemon, eg. 127.0.0.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: This is the IP address of your ebus daemon, e.g., `127.0.0.1`.
```

  required: true
  type: string
circuit: 

>   description: The heating circuit name to monitor, eg. 700.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: The heating circuit name to monitor, e.g., 700.
```
